## Container Presentational Component Pattern

#### Presentational components:

Presentational components are about the HTML markup and specific CSS styles to render your views. They have no dependencies on the rest of your app, such as injected services or the store. They don't specify how the data is loaded or changed, but they emit events via @Outputs to trigger container components to do the work. They receive data exclusively via Angular @Inputs and may contain both presentational and container components as their children.

Some examples of presentational components would be nav menus, sidebars, user info panels, and many list type components.

#### Container components

Container components are concerned with how things work and render little to no HTML markup and specific CSS styles. They do have dependencies on the rest of your app, such as injected services or the store. They're stateful and can specify how the data is loaded or changed. They are often top level routes you navigate to.
It's very common to have all of your routes load container components that have a tree of mostly presentational components underneath them.
They may also contain both presentational and container components underneath them. The performance is a key benefit of following this pattern by utilizing Angular's change detection strategy called OnPush.

#### Change Detection OnPush

ChangeDetectionStrategy OnPush, it says that change detector's mode will be initial set to CheckOnce. So what does this mean for our performance?, as this is a little bit vague. Basically this strategy tells Angular that a component depends solely on @Inputs and only needs to be checked if it receives a new input reference or if the component or its children trigger a DOM event, like a button click.
When I say input reference, I mean that in order to trigger change detection in our component, we need to change the input object reference, not just mutate it.

It's important to note any asynchronous API events, like XHR or promise-based events, will not trigger change detection once you change to this strategy of OnPush and the components template will not get updated. round of change detection. Angular's change detection starts at the top at its root component and goes down the component tree, checking every component, even if it has not changed.

In contrast, if a button click occurs again, but this time we change this component's **change detection strategy to OnPush**, Angular will still run around a change detection starting at the root component and working its way down the component tree, however, the component marked with OnPush and all of its children will be skipped. This can make a real world difference in an application with a lot of components loaded with thousands of potential expressions to be checked every time a button is clicked. Using this strategy with the presentational container pattern is pretty simple. On all your **container components, you change their ChangeDetectionStrategy to OnPush**.

#### A barrel
A barrel is a way to roll up exports from several ECMAscript modules into a single convenient module. The barrel itself is a module file that re-exports several exports from other modules. Barrel files are named index. ts as a convention because most module loaders will look for this by default when resolving absolute paths and this will allows us to emit the file name from the path and just point to a folder versus pointing to a folder/index. ts.

It's very common in NgRx applications to make an index. ts file for each state folder to re-export all state interfaces and selectors from a single file, becoming like a public API for each piece of feature state. Usually each state folder will have its own index. ts file that re-exports shared interfaces and selectors. 

The benefits of using an index. ts file for each state folder are the index. ts file becomes a public API for feature state modules, explicitly saying what should be shared from this module instead of importing state from individual reducer files. We have a clearer separation of concerns as our reducers become responsible for updating state, and we have a place for our shared selectors.

Finally, we have a more readable and cleaner code, firstly in our reducers with less code, and in other parts of our application that can now use a single import statement to access each feature module's state selectors and interfaces.